===
TITLE: To the artist behind many veils of concrete
To the artist behind many veils of concrete, I meet you everyday.

You write with passion, you write with fervour,
I never find it.

You spend months on a project,
but the world drowns it.

All the theories of value fail you,
for nobody sees you.

I can see you and it hurts,
that there's nothing I can do.

For every Van Gogh and every Mendel,
history forgets a hundred graves.

You won't hear me through the walls,
yet I know you feel the same.

The veils would still separate us when we die.
But we'd have lived the same life, a shared sigh.

===
TITLE: Innocence
In this allegedly cruel world, I want to be innocent.

In this world where the sick eat the weak alive, I want to be naïve.

In this world where smashing glass hearts is a sport, I want to keep mine in an unlocked drawer.

When streets outside are run by solar powered deceit, I want to invite a stranger home.

If suspicion is wise and advised, you can call me stupid and blind.

Because fuck this world and fuck it all, I want to be innocent.

===
TITLE:आजादी
अय्याशी में लत पड़ें
सोचते हैं की आवाम सोया है।
न जानते की सतलज से कावेरी तक
भगत ने इंकलाब बोया है।

सेवा चाहते ऐसे
की मुल्क गुलाम सारा है
न जानते की चप्पे चप्पे में गूंजता
गहरा आजादी का नारा है।

सोचते की जब तिरंगा लहराते
तब हम ने शोषण को हाँ की है
न जानते की सैंतालीस बस झांकी थी,
जंग-ए-आजादी अभी बाकी है!

===
TITLE: Translation of Tuyo (Rodrigo Amarante)
हूॅं आग मै जो खाल जलाए
हूॅं नीर मै जो प्यासें बुझाए
तगडे किले कि मै उंची मीनार
काटे लोहा तेज वो तलवार

तू है सांसों मे खेलती हवा
और सागर पे चांद कि प्रभा
गला तेरा सुधा से भिगाऊं
प्यार मे डर सब डुबा दूं

¿अब क्या मुझे अरमान और फिर दोगे तुम?
कहें तू: हुॅं खजाना बस झांकने से हि हो S
हो सब तेरा,
हि हो सब तेरा.

===
TITLE: Moral hierarchy
6) Directly doing something wrong.

5) Indirectly doing something wrong.

4) Doing something wrong unknowingly.

3) Doing something wrong by accident/mistake.

2) Doing something not wrong which history later concludes to be wrong.

1) Not doing anything when you should have done something.

0) Not doing something right.

===
TITLE: Levels of complacency
6) Directly hurt and exploit others.

5) Indirectly hurt or exploit others.

4) Be exploited yourself but defend the first two and/or attack the liberators.

3) Do nothing about the exploitation and torture of others.

2) Doing something against the exploitation and torture, but only within your convenience.

1) Not making it your life's goal to end the exploitation and torture.

0) Spending even a moment at leisure while people are being exploited, tortured or killed.

===
TITLE: Moral diet of a fictional religion
They are sort of like vegans, but not exactly.

They eat the egg whites but the yolk isn't food.
They eat the fat of dead animals but the muscles aren't food.
They eat fruits fallen to the ground from the trees, but spare the seed.
They eat the seed, but only the endosperm, leaving the embryo.

===
TITLE: Do things differently to enjoy life
Try hitchhiking to work.
Watch a series in the reverse order.
Try doing your morning routine with a blindfold on.
Talk with scam callers in a fake voice or accent.
Use a fake name at a restaurant or an event.
Wear somebody else's clothes for a day.
